Add other reasons for `TypeError` that `fetch` throws (#10045)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fetch/index.md

  - : The request was aborted due to a call to the {{domxref("AbortController")}}
    {{domxref("AbortController.abort", "abort()")}} method.
- `TypeError`
  - : Can occur for the following reasons:

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th scope="col">Reason</th>
      <th scope="col">Failing examples</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Invalid header name</td>
      <td>
        <pre>
// space in "C ontent-Type"
const headers = {
    "C ontent-Type": "text/xml",
    "Breaking-Bad": "<3"
};
fetch('https://example.com/', { headers });
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Invalid header value. The header object must contain exactly two elements.
      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
const headers = [
    ["Content-Type", "text/html", "extra"],
    ["Accept"],
];
fetch('https://example.com/', { headers });
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>

>         Invalid url/scheme, or using a scheme that fetch does not supported, or using a scheme that is not supported for a particular request mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Invalid URL or scheme, or using a scheme that fetch does not supported, or using a scheme that is not supported for a particular request mode.
```

>         Invalid URL or scheme, or using a scheme that fetch does not supported, or using a scheme that is not supported for a particular request mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Invalid URL or scheme, or using a scheme that fetch does not support, or using a scheme that is not supported for a particular request mode.
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('blob://example.com/', { mode: 'cors' })
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>

>       <td>Url includes credentials</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>URL includes credentials</td>
```

      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://user:password@example.com/')
        </pre>
      </td>
    <tr>
      <td>Invalid referrer URL</td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://example.com/', {
  referrer: './abc\u0000df'
})
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>

>       <td>Invalid modes (<code>navigate</code> and <code>websocket</code></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Invalid modes (<code>navigate</code> and <code>websocket</code>)</td>
```

      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://example.com/', { mode: 'navigate' })
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        If the request cache mode is "only-if-cached" and the request mode is other than "same-origin".
      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://example.com/', {
  cache: 'only-if-cached',
  mode: 'no-cors'
})
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        If the request method is an invalid name token or one of forbidden headers.
        CONNECT, TRACE or TRACK
      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://example.com/', { method: 'CONNECT' })
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>

>         If request mode is "no-cors" and the request method is not a CORS-safe-listed method (GET, HEAD, or POST)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If the request mode is "no-cors" and the request method is not a CORS-safe-listed method (GET, HEAD, or POST)
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://example.com/', {
  method: 'CONNECT',
  mode: 'no-cors'
})
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>

>         If request method is GET or HEAD and body is non-null or not undefined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If request method is GET or HEAD and the body is non-null or not undefined.
```

>         If request method is GET or HEAD and the body is non-null or not undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If the request method is GET or HEAD and the body is non-null or not undefined.
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://example.com/', {
  method: 'GET',
  body: new FormData()
})
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>

>       <td>if fetch throws a network error</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>If fetch throws a network error.</td>
```

    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Invalid header name</td>
      <td>
        <pre>
// space in "C ontent-Type"
const headers = {
    "C ontent-Type": "text/xml",
    "Breaking-Bad": "<3"
};
fetch('https://example.com/', { headers });
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Invalid header value. The header object must contain exactly two elements.
      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
const headers = [
    ["Content-Type", "text/html", "extra"],
    ["Accept"],
];
fetch('https://example.com/', { headers });
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        Invalid url/scheme, or using a scheme that fetch does not supported, or using a scheme that is not supported for a particular request mode.
      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('blob://example.com/', { mode: 'cors' })
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
      <td>Url includes credentials</td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://user:password@example.com/')
        </pre>
      </td>
    <tr>
      <td>Invalid referrer url-</td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://example.com/', {
  referrer: './abc\u0000df'
})
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>

>       <td>In valid modes- navigate and websocket</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Invalid modes (<code>navigate</code> and <code>websocket</code></td>
```

      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://example.com/', { mode: 'navigate' })
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>

>         If the request cache mode is "only-if-cached" and the request mode is other than "same-origin"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If the request cache mode is "only-if-cached" and the request mode is other than "same-origin".
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://example.com/', {
  cache: 'only-if-cached',
  mode: 'no-cors'
})
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>

>         If request method is an invalid name token or one of forbidden headers-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If the request method is an invalid name token or one of forbidden headers.
```

        CONNECT, TRACE or TRACK
      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://example.com/', { method: 'CONNECT' })
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>

>         If request mode is "no-cors" and the request method is other than
>         CORS-safe-listed method (GET, HEAD, or POST)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If request mode is "no-cors" and the request method is not a CORS-safe-listed method (GET, HEAD, or POST)
```

  - : The request was aborted due to a call to the {{domxref("AbortController")}}
    {{domxref("AbortController.abort", "abort()")}} method.
- `TypeError`

>   - : The error can occur because of one of the following reasons-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The error can occur for the following reasons:
```

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th scope="col">Reason</th>
      <th scope="col">Failing examples</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>

>       <td>Invalid header names</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Invalid header name</td>
```

      <td>
        <pre>
// space in "C ontent-Type"
const headers = {
    "C ontent-Type": "text/xml",
    "Breaking-Bad": "<3"
};
fetch('https://example.com/', { headers });
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>

>         Invalid header value- the header object must contain exactly two elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Invalid header value. The header object must contain exactly two elements.
```

      </td>
      <td>
        <pre>
const headers = [
    ["Content-Type", "text/html", "extra"],
    ["Accept"],
];
fetch('https://example.com/', { headers });
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>

>       <td>
>         Invalid url/scheme or
>         using un-supported schemes by fetch or
>         using un-supported schemes for particular request mode
>       </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>
        Invalid url/scheme, or using a scheme that fetch does not supported, or using a scheme that is not supported for a particular request mode.
      </td>
```

      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('blob://example.com/', { mode: 'cors' })
        </pre>
      </td>
    </tr>
      <td>Url includes credentials</td>
      <td>
        <pre>
fetch('https://user:password@example.com/')
        </pre>
      </td>
    <tr>

>       <td>Invalid referrer url-</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Invalid referrer URL</td>
```
